feat: Add postgres batch exports docs (#6822)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/batch-exports/postgres.md

---
title: Postgres destination for batch exports
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
    free: full
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

Batch exports can be used to export data to a Postgres table.

## Setting up Postgres access

> 1. Make sure PostHog can access your Postgres database.

Reviewer: How is this different than "Create a Postgres user with table creation privileges."? Can we just combine this two into one point.

Author: 1. Refers to allowing a connection to the host of the Postgres database. This host may be a managed solution like AWS RDS, Azure SQL, or any server. 2. Refers to the permissions once we are connected to the host. They are different points because they are independent: We may have a connection to the host, but no database permissions, and vice-versa.

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks for clarifying

> > **Note:** Wherever your Postgres database is hosted, make sure the host is set to accept all incoming connections so that PostHog can connect to the database and insert events. If this is not possible in your case, consider exporting data to a different destination (like [S3](./s3.md)) and then setting up your own system for getting data into your Postgres database.

Reviewer 2: can we explicitly say here something like `we have no static ips that need to be whitelisted`

Author: Yeah, I can add something like that. Give me a commit and you can review again.

Author: Gave this a shot in the latest commit 👍

> 1. Make sure PostHog can access your Postgres database.
> 
> > **Note:** Wherever your Postgres database is hosted, make sure the host is set to accept all incoming connections so that PostHog can connect to the database and insert events. If this is not possible in your case, consider exporting data to a different destination (like [S3](./s3.md)) and then setting up your own system for getting data into your Postgres database.
> 
> 2. Create a Postgres user with table creation privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure PostHog can access your Postgres database by creating a Postgres user with table creation privileges.

> **Note:** Wherever your Postgres database is hosted, make sure the host is set to accept all incoming connections so that PostHog can connect to the database and insert events. If this is not possible, consider exporting data to a different destination (like [S3](/docs/cdp/batch-exports/s3)) and then setting up your own system for getting data into your Postgres database.
```
